Aang - When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change.
Zuko - That’s rough, buddy.
Uncle Iroh - Perfection and power are overrated. I think you are very wise to choose happiness and love.
Katara - I will never, ever turn my back on people who need me.
Sokka - It's the quenchiest!
Toph - I’m not Toph, I’m Melon Lord!
Zuko - I don’t need luck. I don’t want it. I’ve always had to struggle and fight, and that’s made me strong.
Uncle Iroh - There is nothing wrong with letting people who love you help you.
Aang - Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel. You can’t always see the light at the end of the tunnel. But if you just keep moving, you will come to a better place.
Toph - You can’t knock me down!
Sokka - The best meat is in the shape of a boomerang.
Zuko - My father says Azula was born lucky. He says I was lucky to be born.
Katara - You have to fight for what you believe in.
Uncle Iroh - It is important to draw wisdom from different places. If you take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale.
Sokka - I’m just a guy with a boomerang. I didn’t ask for all this flying and magic.
Toph - If you see a flying boar, it means your dreams are about to come true.
Aang - It's easy to do nothing. It's hard to forgive.
Zuko - I used to think this scar marked me. It does, but not in the way I thought.
Uncle Iroh - Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Katara - I wanted to do it. I wanted to take out all my anger at him. But I couldn’t. I don’t know if it’s because I’m too weak to do it, or if it’s because I’m strong enough not to.
Sokka - My first girlfriend turned into the moon.
Zuko - Honor is something that no one can give you, but you can earn for yourself.
Toph - If you’re not scared, you’re not paying attention.
Aang - The past can be a great teacher.
Uncle Iroh - Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Katara - I will never turn my back on people who need me.
Zuko - Sometimes the right path is not the easiest one.
Sokka - You rise with the moon, I rise with the sun.
Toph - Nobody expects the blind girl!
Aang - The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation.
Uncle Iroh - You must look within yourself to save yourself from your other self. Only then will your true self reveal itself.
Zuko - Never forget who you are, for surely the world won’t.
Sokka - This is the worst field trip ever.
Toph - I’m tough, but I have a soft side too.
Aang - The world is divided, but it doesn’t have to be.
Uncle Iroh - In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
Katara - We have to be careful. The Fire Nation has hurt Aang before. They could do it again.
Zuko - It’s time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions: Who are you? And what do you want?
Sokka - What kind of father would I be if I let you storm the Fire Nation alone?
Toph - I see with my feet, not with my eyes.
Aang - It’s not about overpowering an opponent. It’s about outthinking them.
Uncle Iroh - There’s nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is you want from your life.
Katara - Aang, we’re all going to face the Fire Lord together.
Zuko - For so long, all I wanted was for my father to love me. Now I realize, his love was never mine to have.
Sokka - Look, I hate to be the wet blanket here, but since Katara is busy, let me just say: we are not killing the Fire Lord.
Toph - Being blind doesn’t make me helpless. It makes me strong.
Aang - True power comes from within, not from brute force.
Uncle Iroh - It’s time for you to look inward, and start asking yourself the big questions: Who are you? And what do you want?
Zuko - I am the Fire Lord now, and I am going to make things right.
Sokka - It’s okay. You can laugh. It’s funny.
Toph - Yeah, you’re a powerful bender, but you’ve got nothing on me!