BoJack Horseman - I need you to tell me that I'm a good person.
Diane Nguyen - I don't think I believe in deep down. I think all you are is just the things that you do.
Princess Carolyn - You gotta get your shit together. So yesterday you let yourself fall in love a little bit, and you got your heart broken. That happens. The good news is, now you get to start over.
Mr. Peanutbutter - The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead.
Todd Chavez - Hooray! Question mark?
Sarah Lynn - That's too much, man!
Wanda Pierce - When you look at someone through rose-colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags.
BoJack Horseman - Life is a series of closing doors, isn't it?
Diane Nguyen - I'm responsible for my own happiness? I can't even be responsible for my own breakfast!
Princess Carolyn - Aw, fish!
Mr. Peanutbutter - Doggy doggy what now?
Todd Chavez - It's always nice to be included in a sentence someone says.
BoJack Horseman - I'm responsible for my own happiness? I can't even be responsible for my own breakfast!
Diane Nguyen - There's no such thing as 'bad guys' or 'good guys.' We're all just guys who do good stuff sometimes and bad stuff sometimes.
Princess Carolyn - Oh, fish! My phone's about to die and I didn't bring a charger. Typical Carolyn – you work so hard to make sure your clients don't end up like your mother, you forget to take care of yourself!
Mr. Peanutbutter - The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead.
Todd Chavez - Slap my salami, the guy's a commie!
BoJack Horseman - You know, sometimes I think I was born with a leak, and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me and now it's all gone.
Diane Nguyen - When you squint, all of life's imperfections blur together.
Princess Carolyn - I can have it all. I can have the career and the kid and the boyfriend who loves me and I don't have to feel guilty about any of it.
Mr. Peanutbutter - I don't understand how people can just stand still. I need constant motion around me or I think I'm going to die.
Todd Chavez - Hurray! A task!
BoJack Horseman - You turn yourself around. That's what it's all about.
Diane Nguyen - Same thing that always happens. You didn't know me, then you fell in love with me, and now you know me.
Princess Carolyn - You need to be ruthless in this business.
Mr. Peanutbutter - The universe is a cruel, uncaring void.
Todd Chavez - I've never found the need to use the phrase 'I've never found the need.'
BoJack Horseman - In this terrifying world, all we have are the connections that we make.
Diane Nguyen - That voice, the one that tells you you're worthless and stupid and ugly... it goes away, right?
BoJack Horseman - You know what the problem is with everybody? They all just want to hear what they already believe.
