Fleabag - I have a horrible feeling that I'm a greedy, perverted, selfish, apathetic, cynical, depraved, morally bankrupt woman who can't even call herself a feminist.
Priest - I think you know how to love better than any of us, that's why you find it all so painful.
Claire - The only person I'd run through an airport for is you.
Godmother - Let's raise our glasses to love. Or, to those of us left who still believe in it.
Dad - I think you know how to love better than any of us. That's why you find it all so painful.
Fleabag - We're not friends. We are sisters. Get your own friends.
Priest - It'll pass.
Claire - I look like a pencil.
Fleabag - Either everyone feels like this a little bit, and they're just not talking about it, or I am completely alone.
Martin - People make mistakes.
Godmother - Darling, you're either a gardener or you're not.
Fleabag - He's a priest. It's a forbidden love. Like a sexy Jesus.
Priest - Kneel.
Claire - The only thing I've done wrong is maintain a level of perfection that you find threatening.
Fleabag - I want someone to tell me what to wear every morning. I want someone to tell me what to eat, what to like, what to hate, what to rage about, what to listen to, what band to like, what to buy tickets for, what to joke about, what not to joke about. I want someone to tell me what to believe in, who to vote for, and who to love, and how to tell them.
Dad - I don't know what to do with it all - the love I have for her. I don't know where to put it now.
Priest - I think... I think you're the only person I want to spend time with.
Fleabag - I sometimes worry that I wouldn't be such a feminist if I had bigger tits.
Claire - We're not friends, we are sisters. Get your own friends.
Godmother - I was just getting the twins to describe your personality because I'm doing this fascinating project right now with personality mapping actually.
Fleabag - I keep getting flashbacks from the night I lost my self-respect. It's usually right behind the bar where I put my phone down.
Priest - Well... I think you should spend your evening with someone who actually knows you exist.
Claire - I'm not uptight, I'm professional.
Fleabag - People make mistakes. That's why they put rubbers on the end of pencils.
Boo - I'm not obsessed with sex. I just can't stop thinking about it.
Fleabag - I spent most of my adult life using sex to deflect from the screaming void inside my empty heart.
Priest - We'll last a week.
Fleabag - Do I have a massive arsehole?
Claire - The worst thing is that I still love you. The worst thing is that I think I'll always love you.
Fleabag - I look like a pencil.
