Tyrion Lannister - "Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you."
Cersei Lannister - "When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."
Ned Stark - "Winter is coming."
Daenerys Targaryen - "I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, the Unburnt, Mother of Dragons, Khaleesi to Dothraki, Breaker of Chains, and Queen of the Seven Kingdoms."
Tyrion Lannister - "I drink and I know things."
Jon Snow - "The Long Night is coming, and the dead come with it."
Arya Stark - "A girl has no name."
Littlefinger - "Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder."
Jaime Lannister - "The things I do for love."
Olenna Tyrell - "Tell Cersei. I want her to know it was me."
Brienne of Tarth - "All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust."
Joffrey Baratheon - "Everyone is mine to torment."
Syrio Forel - "There is only one god, and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: 'Not today.'"
Tywin Lannister - "Any man who must say 'I am the king' is no true king."
Melisandre - "The night is dark and full of terrors."
Sandor Clegane - "Lots of people name their swords." "Lots of cunts."
Sansa Stark - "I've learned a great deal from her."
Varys - "Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall."
Missandei - "Valar morghulis." "All men must die, but we are not men."
Davos Seaworth - "Nothing fucks you harder than time."
Samwell Tarly - "I was nothing at all. And when you're nothing at all, there's no more reason to be afraid."
Catelyn Stark - "Family, Duty, Honor."
Ygritte - "You know nothing, Jon Snow."
Stannis Baratheon - "We do not choose our destinies, yet we must do our duty."
Bronn - "There's no cure for being a cunt."
Margaery Tyrell - "I want to be THE queen."
Ramsay Bolton - "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention."
Theon Greyjoy - "What is dead may never die."
Khal Drogo - "I will take my khalasar west to where the world ends and ride wooden horses across the black salt water as no khal has done before."
Bran Stark - "Chaos is a ladder."