Albus Dumbledore - We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
Albus Dumbledore - Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Ginny Weasley - Anything’s possible if you’ve got enough nerve.
Albus Dumbledore - Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Albus Dumbledore - Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back!
Kingsley Shacklebolt - Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
Albus Dumbledore - It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
Albus Dumbledore - To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Albus Dumbledore - It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Albus Dumbledore - As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all—the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
Sirius Black - If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Albus Dumbledore - Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living. And above all, pity those who live without love.
Hermione Granger - Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn’t mean we all have.
Harry Potter - Yeah, you can have a word. Good-bye.
Professor McGonagall - We teachers are rather good at magic, you know.
Albus Dumbledore - It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Rubeus Hagrid - Yer a wizard, Harry.
Sirius Black - What’s life without a little risk?
Remus Lupin - It is the quality of one’s convictions that determines success, not the number of followers.
Albus Dumbledore - Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Hermione Granger - I hope you’re pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed — or worse, expelled.
Marauder's Map - I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Albus Dumbledore - You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!
Albus Dumbledore - Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
