Dr. Mann - There are some things that aren't meant to be known.
Brand - Love is the one thing we’re capable of perceiving that transcends dimensions of time and space.
Cooper - We’ve always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible.
Brand - We must reach far beyond our own lifespans.
Cooper - Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.
Donald - Don’t trust the right thing done for the wrong reason. The why of the thing, that’s the foundation.
Cooper - We’re still pioneers, we barely begun. Our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, cause our destiny lies above us.
Brand - You might have to decide between seeing your children again and the future of the human race.
Cooper - Once you’re a parent, you’re the ghost of your children’s future.
Cooper - We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down, and worry about our place in the dirt.
Cooper - Newton’s third law. You gotta leave something behind.
Brand - Scientists, explorers… That’s what I love – out there we face great odds. Death. But not evil.
Brand - Accident is the first building block of evolution.
Brand - Do not go gentle into that good night; Old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Brand - Not sure of what I’m more afraid of: them never coming back, or coming back to find we’ve failed.
Cooper - We count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher, to break barriers, to reach for the stars, to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that.
TARS - Absolute honesty isn’t always the most diplomatic nor the safest form of communication with emotional beings.
De Mann - A machine doesn’t improvise well because you cannot program a fear of death.
Cooper - Time is relative, okay? It can stretch and it can squeeze, but… it can’t run backwards. Just can’t. The only thing that can move across dimensions, like time, is gravity.
Cooper - This world’s a treasure, Don; but it’s been telling us to leave for a while now.
Dr Mann - Our survival instinct is our single greatest source of inspiration.
Murphy - You said science was about admitting what we don’t know.
Cooper - Murphy’s law doesn’t mean that something bad will happen. It means that whatever *can* happen, will happen. And that sounded just fine to us.
