Po - There is no secret ingredient, it’s just you.
Po - You don’t need to meditate for hours and hours to attain inner peace and enlightenment. You need only see, feel, and act from the heart. Let the heart guide you to your peaceful enlightenment.
Po - Don’t push past memories deeper inside of yourself. Let those memories breathe and let old wounds heal.
Po - You gotta let go of that stuff from the past because it just doesn’t matter. The only thing that matters is what you choose to be now.
Po - Your real strength comes from being the best “you” you can be. So who are you? What are you good at? What do you love? What makes you “you”?
Po - You are the master of your destiny: No one and nothing can come in between you and your destiny except you. Take destiny by the horns and have fun.
Master Shifu - Before the battle of the fist, comes the battle of the mind.
Master Shifu - The true path to victory is to find your opponent’s weakness and make him suffer for it. And to take his strength and use it against him until he finally falls or quits.
Master Shifu - Time is an illusion, there is only the now.
Master Shifu - The mark of a true hero is humility.
Master Shifu - If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.
Master Shifu - Anything is possible when you have inner peace.
Master Oogway - There are no accidents.
Master Oogway - One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.
Master Oogway - You are too concerned with what was and what will be.
Master Oogway - Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
Master Oogway - Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.
Master Oogway - There is just news. There is no good or bad.
Master Oogway - Look at this tree. I cannot make it blossom when it suits me, nor make it bear fruit before its time. No matter what you do that seed (of peach) will grow to be a peach tree. You may wish for an apple or an orange, but you will get a peach.
Master Oogway - You will never fulfill your destiny until you let go of the illusion of control.
Master Oogway - There is always something more to learn. Even for a master.
Master Oogway - The more you take, the less you have.
Master Oogway - When the path you walk always leads back to yourself, you never get anywhere.
Mr Ping - To make something special you just have to believe it’s special.
Mr Ping - Sometimes, we do the wrong things for the right reasons.
Mr Ping - We are noodle folk. Broth runs through our veins.
