Gandalf - A wizard is never late, nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to.
Frodo Baggins - I wish the Ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened.
Aragorn - I do not fear death.
Samwise Gamgee - I can’t carry it for you, but I can carry you!
Legolas - A red sun rises. Blood has been spilled this night.
Gimli - That still only counts as one!
Boromir - One does not simply walk into Mordor.
Gollum - My precious...
Saruman - Against the power of Mordor, there can be no victory.
Gandalf - Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Frodo Baggins - I will take the Ring to Mordor! Though… I do not know the way.
Aragorn - I would have gone with you to the end. Into the very fires of Mordor.
Samwise Gamgee - There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it’s worth fighting for.
Legolas - They’re taking the Hobbits to Isengard!
Gimli - Certainty of death, small chance of success... What are we waiting for?
Boromir - The world of men will fall, and all will come to darkness, my city to ruin.
Gollum - We swears to serve the master of the precious.
Saruman - There is only one Lord of the Ring, only one who can bend it to his will.
Gandalf - You shall not pass!
Frodo Baggins - The Ring is mine!
Aragorn - I am Isildur’s heir. Fight for me, and I will hold your oaths fulfilled!
Samwise Gamgee - If I take one more step, it'll be the farthest from home I've ever been.
Legolas - Shall I describe it to you, or would you like me to find you a box?
Gimli - I never thought I’d die fighting side by side with an Elf.
Boromir - I would have followed you, my brother, my captain, my king.
Gollum - They stole it from us, sneaky little Hobbitses.
Saruman - The old world will burn in the fires of industry.
Gandalf - The journey doesn’t end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take.
Frodo Baggins - I can’t do this, Sam.
Aragorn - There is always hope.
Samwise Gamgee - I made a promise, Mr. Frodo. A promise. 'Don't you leave him, Samwise Gamgee.'
Legolas - He’s twitching because he’s got my axe embedded in his nervous system!
Gimli - Toss me. But don’t tell the Elf.
Boromir - It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor.
Gollum - We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
Saruman - You have elected the way of pain!
Gandalf - All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
Frodo Baggins - There’s no going back.
Aragorn - My friends, you bow to no one.
Samwise Gamgee - Frodo wouldn’t have gotten far without me.
Legolas - Final count... 42.
Gimli - That’s because my count was 43!
Boromir - I ask only for the strength to defend my people.
Gollum - Master tricksy. False.
Saruman - The time of the Elves is over. My Lord Sauron will rise.
Gandalf - You have no power here, Gandalf the Grey.
Frodo Baggins - I will not do this deed. The Ring is mine!
Aragorn - Ride out with me. Ride out and meet them.
Samwise Gamgee - I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn’t.
Legolas - A diversion!
Gimli - I cannot jump the distance! You'll have to toss me.
Boromir - They have a cave troll.
Gollum - Smeagol wouldn’t hurt a fly.
Saruman - He fought bravely, yet foolishly.
Gandalf - I will not say, do not weep, for not all tears are an evil.
Frodo Baggins - We set out to save the Shire, Sam. And it has been saved... but not for me.
Aragorn - I give hope to men. I keep none for myself.
Samwise Gamgee - Come on, Mr. Frodo. I can’t carry it for you, but I can carry you!