Jessica Day - I brake for birds, I rock a lot of polka dots, I have touched glitter in the last 24 hours.
Nick Miller - I am not a successful adult!
Schmidt - You have to dress for the job you want, not the job you have.
Winston Bishop - I am very good at puzzles.
Cece - Love makes you do crazy things.
Schmidt - Has anyone seen my driving moccasins?
Nick Miller - I just wanna lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.
Jessica Day - I feel like I want to murder someone, and I also want soft pretzels.
Schmidt - You can’t just say ‘butt’ twenty times and call that a speech.
Nick Miller - You gave me a cookie, I gave you a cookie.
Winston Bishop - I’m about to go full-on psycho, like cable-company-hold-music psycho.
Schmidt - I can do anything I put my mind to. I once figured out how to make my own pop tarts.
Jessica Day - I’m not convinced I know how to read, I just memorize words.
Nick Miller - I don’t trust fish. They breathe water. That’s crazy.
Schmidt - Are you cooking a frittata in a sauce pan? What is this? Prison?
Winston Bishop - I once tried to make ramen in the coffee pot. Broke everything.
Jessica Day - I have touched glitter in the past 24 hours, I spend my entire day talking to children.
Nick Miller - The economy stinks, bees are dying, and movies are pretty much all sequels now.
Schmidt - Can someone please get my towel? It’s in my room next to my Irish walking cape!
Jessica Day - I like to sing my feelings.
Nick Miller - I’m gonna grab a drink, you want something? I’ll see if they have beer-flavored beer.
Winston Bishop - If I were off my rocker, would I take a weekly selfie with my cat?
Schmidt - You have the boldness of a much older woman.
Nick Miller - I’m not convinced I know how to read, I just memorize words.
Cece - You’re like a human golden retriever.
Schmidt - What color is your poo today? If it’s not a perfect brown, I don’t trust you.
Jessica Day - I have to go! I have a date with destiny. And by destiny, I mean a guy I met on Craigslist.
Nick Miller - I like getting older. I feel like I’m finally aging into my personality.
Winston Bishop - I once got a cat to high-five me. That was a great day.
Schmidt - Excuse me, can someone get my towel? It’s next to my Irish walking cape.
Jessica Day - I’m gonna leave here and I’m gonna be a billionaire! With a B! And a couple of Ls!
Nick Miller - Can we just take a moment to realize that I have no control over my own life?
Schmidt - The ocean is just a big bowl of soup.
Winston Bishop - I can’t talk to women. I get nervous and start singing Boys II Men songs.
Jessica Day - I like my hair when it’s puffy. It makes my head look like a muffin.
Nick Miller - This is my nightmare.
Schmidt - I once survived a whole week on nothing but tapenade.
Winston Bishop - The trick to pranking is timing. And a good insurance policy.
Jessica Day - I can’t move in with you. I don’t even know how to live with myself.
Nick Miller - Life is a mess, dude. But that’s the best part.
Schmidt - I was voted Most Likely to Be Like Don Draper in college.
Jessica Day - Can we be weird together?
Nick Miller - Winston, don’t you dare eat that last cookie. That’s my sad cookie.
Winston Bishop - You don’t mess with a man’s puzzle time.
Schmidt - You’re using my conditioner? It’s for men with the hair of a Grecian god!
Jessica Day - I feel like I’m the best version of myself when I’m with you.
Nick Miller - I don’t believe in plans. I believe in getting drunk and running away from problems.
Schmidt - Winston, you’re like a unicorn. I see you once in a while, and it makes my day.
Winston Bishop - I once tried to outsmart my own cat. I lost.
Jessica Day - I like fancy pajamas. They make me feel like I’m in a movie from the 1940s.
Nick Miller - I am a baby in a trench coat.