Leslie Knope - "We need to remember what's important in life: friends, waffles, work. Or waffles, friends, work. But work has to come third."
Ron Swanson - "There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk, which is water that's lying about being milk."
Andy Dwyer - "I once forgot to brush my teeth for five weeks. I didn't actually sell my car, I just forgot where I parked it."
April Ludgate - "I'm not interested in caring about people."
Tom Haverford - "Sometimes you gotta work a little so you can ball a lot."
Ben Wyatt - "They're like calzones, but they're pizza."
Donna Meagle - "Treat yo' self!"
Chris Traeger - "Ann Perkins! You beautiful, talented, brilliant, powerful musk ox."
Jean-Ralphio - "I made my money the old-fashioned way. I got run over by a Lexus."
Jerry/Garry/Larry/Terry Gergich - "Oh jeez."
Ron Swanson - "Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing."
Leslie Knope - "I stand behind my decision to avoid salad and other disgusting things."
April Ludgate - "Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge."
Tom Haverford - "Zerts are what I call desserts. Tray-trays are entrées. I call sandwiches 'sammies,' 'sandoozles,' or 'Adam Sandlers.'"
Ben Wyatt - "I'm not crying, okay? I'm just allergic to jerks!"
Donna Meagle - "Use him, abuse him, lose him."
Andy Dwyer - "The turtle is nature's suction cup."
Ron Swanson - "I like Tom. He doesn't do a lot of work around here. He shows zero initiative. He's not a team player. He's never one to go that extra mile. Tom is exactly what I'm looking for in a government employee."
Leslie Knope - "I am a goddess, a glorious female warrior."
Chris Traeger - "If I keep my body moving, and my mind occupied at all times, I will avoid falling into a bottomless pit of despair."
Andy Dwyer - "I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything."
April Ludgate - "I hate everything."
Tom Haverford - "TREAT YO SELF TWO THOUSAND ELEVEN."
Ron Swanson - "I'd wish you the best of luck but I believe luck is a concept created by the weak to explain their failures."
Leslie Knope - "You're a champion little horse. You're an inspiration to all horses."
Ben Wyatt - "That was amazing. That was a legitimately amazing thing to say."
Donna Meagle - "Fine, leather, goods."
Ron Swanson - "Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have."
Andy Dwyer - "Leslie, I typed your symptoms into the thing up here and it says you could have network connectivity problems."
Jean-Ralphio - "She's the wooooorst!"
