Rick Sanchez - Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty Smith - I'm not a bad guy! I'm just a kid, Rick!
Rick Sanchez - You’re right, Morty. The world is just a big, giant, chaotic mess of meaninglessness. But that’s what makes it beautiful!
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. A lot of people don’t get that.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, you little fool! You can’t just pick and choose your reality!
Rick Sanchez - What’s the point of being an adult if you can’t be a god?
Rick Sanchez - I’m a genius, Morty! You can’t just keep me in a cage forever.
Morty Smith - Rick, are we bad people?
Rick Sanchez - Bad people? Morty, we’re alive. And that’s what makes us good.
Rick Sanchez - You need to stop being such a Morty, Morty!
Rick Sanchez - Don’t get too attached to any one person. They’re all just projections in the simulation of your mind.
Rick Sanchez - I’m the smartest man alive, Morty, I know how to survive, even if you’re dumb!
Rick Sanchez - Life is just a simulation, Morty. You can only control the things you can, so don't waste time worrying about the things you can't.
Rick Sanchez - Don't let the internet get you down, Morty. It’s not real.
Morty Smith - Rick, what happens when we die?
Rick Sanchez - Morty, the afterlife is just another joke of the universe. It's all pointless, Morty!
Rick Sanchez - We live in a world that’s ruled by a bureaucracy, Morty. Never forget that.
Morty Smith - But Rick, I don’t want to die!
Rick Sanchez - Morty, nobody wants to die. But we all have to. The real question is: what do you do before you go?
Rick Sanchez - Time is a construct, Morty. There’s no real beginning or end to it.
Rick Sanchez - The world doesn’t owe you anything, Morty. Not even an explanation.
Rick Sanchez - I’m an expert at handling stress, Morty. Just like I’m an expert at handling anything.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, don’t be such a negative Nancy. It’ll all be fine in the end. Probably.
Morty Smith - But Rick, what if we make things worse?
Rick Sanchez - Morty, it’s already as bad as it gets. Now we just gotta deal with it.
Rick Sanchez - What I’m saying, Morty, is that we’re all just living in a big cosmic joke.
Rick Sanchez - The universe is indifferent, Morty. And that’s why I’m here.
Rick Sanchez - There’s no such thing as normal, Morty. You either accept that or you go insane.
Rick Sanchez - The one thing I can promise you, Morty, is that there is no such thing as a happy ending.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, I’m a mad scientist. I’m not supposed to be the good guy!
Rick Sanchez - Everything is relative, Morty. It’s just like the space-time continuum.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes, Morty, you gotta embrace the chaos!
Rick Sanchez - This isn’t a fairy tale, Morty. There’s no good and evil here.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes people just don’t get me, Morty. And that’s okay.
Rick Sanchez - We live in a world of infinite possibilities, Morty, and none of them matter.
Rick Sanchez - Life’s short, Morty. Do something meaningful, like flying a spaceship.
Rick Sanchez - You think the universe cares if you’re having a bad day, Morty? It doesn’t!
Rick Sanchez - The only way to get ahead in life is to never stop moving, Morty.
Rick Sanchez - There’s no escaping fate, Morty. There’s only dealing with it.
Morty Smith - I can’t keep doing this, Rick.
Rick Sanchez - You don’t have to, Morty. But you’ll regret it if you don’t.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, the multiverse is a cruel and unforgiving place. Learn to deal with it.
Rick Sanchez - The universe doesn’t care about you, Morty. That’s the lesson!
Rick Sanchez - This is why you never get attached to anything, Morty!
Rick Sanchez - Stop thinking about things in terms of good and evil, Morty. There’s only survival.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, sometimes the best thing to do is nothing at all.
Rick Sanchez - I don’t believe in fate, Morty. Only in actions.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, the world isn’t a perfect place. Get used to it.
Rick Sanchez - People who try to make the world a better place, Morty, are usually the ones who make things worse.
Rick Sanchez - The world’s a joke, Morty. But you’re the punchline.
Rick Sanchez - When you’re a genius, Morty, everything seems simple. You just need the right perspective.
Rick Sanchez - I don’t trust anyone who hasn’t seen the full extent of the universe’s horrors, Morty.
Rick Sanchez - This is the problem with you, Morty: You’re too nice. You need to learn to be ruthless.
Rick Sanchez - Every day I wake up and remind myself that everything is pointless.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, the difference between us is that you have hope, and I have experience.
Rick Sanchez - There’s always something new to learn, Morty. But it’ll probably be depressing.
Rick Sanchez - You’re lucky, Morty. You get to learn all of this stuff now. I had to learn it the hard way.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes I feel like we’re just ants in a jar, Morty, with no way to get out.
Rick Sanchez - If you don’t know what you want, Morty, you’ll never get it.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, I’m not here to tell you how to live your life. I’m here to show you how it works.
Rick Sanchez - People aren’t meant to be happy, Morty. They’re meant to struggle.
Rick Sanchez - We’re all just floating on this rock, Morty, waiting for the inevitable.
Rick Sanchez - Time travel is all about messing things up, Morty. It’s a nightmare.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, you can’t control everything. Sometimes you just have to let things go.
Rick Sanchez - You see, Morty, everything’s a game, and we’re all just trying to win.
Rick Sanchez - There’s no such thing as a good person, Morty. Just people who have learned to hide their flaws.
Rick Sanchez - You never know what’s out there, Morty, until you try.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes, Morty, you gotta make tough decisions. That’s what makes you a man.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, if you don’t believe in yourself, you’re already lost.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, sometimes the hardest thing to do is just let go.
Rick Sanchez - The best thing you can do, Morty, is embrace the chaos.
Rick Sanchez - I’m not perfect, Morty. But I’m not afraid of failure.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes, you just have to enjoy the madness, Morty.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, I’m a scientist. I’m not bound by morality.
Rick Sanchez - No one can escape their fate, Morty. Not even you.
Rick Sanchez - Life is a simulation, Morty. Don’t take it too seriously.
Rick Sanchez - Don’t get attached to the idea of things being fair, Morty.
Rick Sanchez - The universe doesn’t care about your plans, Morty. You’ve got to be ready for anything.
Rick Sanchez - The universe doesn’t give you anything for free, Morty. You’ve got to take what you want.
Rick Sanchez - The universe isn’t a place of order, Morty. It’s chaos. And you’ve got to deal with it.
Rick Sanchez - The worst part about being a genius is that you see the world for what it really is, Morty.
Rick Sanchez - Sometimes it’s better to not know, Morty. Life is easier that way.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, sometimes the things that matter most in life are the things that don’t make sense.
Rick Sanchez - There’s no escaping the truth, Morty. You’ve got to face it.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, if you don’t make the most of your life, you’ll regret it.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, you don’t need to be afraid of the unknown. Just embrace it.
Rick Sanchez - We’re all just pawns in the game, Morty. The real question is: Who’s playing?
Rick Sanchez - The key to survival, Morty, is knowing when to quit.
Rick Sanchez - Don’t be afraid to ask questions, Morty. You might actually learn something.
Rick Sanchez - Morty, you can’t change the universe. You can only learn to live with it.