Sherlock Holmes - The game is on!
John Watson - You're not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson. You miss it.
Sherlock Holmes - I'm not a psychopath, Anderson. I'm a high-functioning sociopath. Do your research.
Mrs. Hudson - I'm not your housekeeper!
Mycroft Holmes - Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock.
Jim Moriarty - In a world of locked rooms, the man with the key is king. And honey, you should see me in a crown.
Irene Adler - I make my way in the world dealing with the disposal of difficult problems and people.
Sherlock Holmes - You see, but you do not observe.
John Watson - Because Sherlock Holmes is a great man, and I think one day, if we're very, very lucky, he might even be a good one.
Greg Lestrade - Sherlock Holmes is a great man. And I think one day, if we're very very lucky, he might even be a good one.
Sherlock Holmes - Bored! Bored! Bored!
Mycroft Holmes - My brother has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he elects to be a detective.
Jim Moriarty - Every fairy tale needs a good old-fashioned villain.
Sherlock Holmes - The curtain rises. The last act. It's time to play the game.
John Watson - I am constantly amazed by your ability to graft imagination onto reality.
Mrs. Hudson - Sherlock! The mess you've made!
Sherlock Holmes - Once you've ruled out the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true.
Mycroft Holmes - All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.
Jim Moriarty - I will burn the heart out of you.
Sherlock Holmes - Anderson, don't talk out loud. You lower the IQ of the whole street.
John Watson - I still believe in Sherlock Holmes.
Irene Adler - Brainy is the new sexy.
Sherlock Holmes - I need data! Data! Data! I can't make bricks without clay!
John Watson - You're just showing off now.
Mrs. Hudson - Not your housekeeper, dear!
Sherlock Holmes - I don't have friends. I've just got one.
Mycroft Holmes - I occupy a minor position in the British government.
Sherlock Holmes - Vatican Cameos!
John Watson - Punch me in the face!
Sherlock Holmes - It's never twins.
