Logan Roy - "You have to be a killer."
Kendall Roy - "I'm just looking for a clean win. I just need a clean win somewhere."
Roman Roy - "I don't want to be a hippo. I want to be a shark."
Shiv Roy - "You tell yourself you're a good person but you're not a good person."
Tom Wambsgans - "You can't make a Tomlette without breaking some Greggs."
Greg Hirsch - "If it is to be said, so it be, so it is."
Connor Roy - "I'm the eldest son."
Gerri Kellman - "The optics are not good."
Kendall Roy - "L to the OG. Dude be the OG."
Roman Roy - "Is this the same as the real cheating, but with business and money instead of emotions and sex?"
Logan Roy - "Money wins. Here's to us."
Shiv Roy - "I'm good at this. I have good instincts."
Tom Wambsgans - "I wonder if the sad I'd be without you would be less than the sad I get from being with you."
Greg Hirsch - "I'm kind of allergic to the whole, like, 'jail' vibe."
Kendall Roy - "I'm not a hippie, but I do want to feel the needle hit the groove."
Roman Roy - "I'm good at business stuff, you know? Deals and stuff."
Logan Roy - "I love my children. I just wish you were good people."
Shiv Roy - "I think this might be the first time in my life I've ever been pre-qualified for something."
Tom Wambsgans - "I've been reading up on California IP law and, honey, it's basically like Maoist China in the Sixties."
Connor Roy - "I've been interested in politics from a young age."
Kendall Roy - "Dad, I love you, but you're a dinosaur. This is the day of the hyenas."
Roman Roy - "Sometimes I think I was born at the end of history."
Logan Roy - "Buckle up, fuckleheads!"
Greg Hirsch - "No comment! No comment!"
Shiv Roy - "I think the dying media sector deserves to die."
Tom Wambsgans - "Here's what I think. I think if you call horses, horses run faster."
Logan Roy - "I'm surrounded by snakes and f***ing morons."
Kendall Roy - "This is the day his reign ends."
Roman Roy - "Are you part of this thing, or do you just, like, hover around it?"
Gerri Kellman - "What we don't want is a Roman Roy signature explosion."
