Ervin Burrell - If the Gods are fucking you, you find a way to fuck them back.
Omar Little - Now you make sure you tell old Marlo I burned the money. 'Cause it ain't about that paper. It's about me hurtin' his people and messin' with his world. Tell that boy he ain't man enough to come down to the street with Omar. You tell him that!
Bunk - You've lost your fucking mind, Jimmy. Look at you. Half-lit every third night, dead drunk every second. Nut deep in random pussy. What little time you are sober and limp-dicked, you're working murders that don't even exist!
Omar Little - Man, money ain't got no owners. Only spenders.
Cutty - I'm gonna show you as gently as I can how much you don't know.
Jimmy McNulty - I feel like I don't even belong to any world that even fucking matters.
The Greek - Lambs go to slaughter. A man, he learns when to walk away.
Omar Little - I got the shotgun. You got the briefcase.
D'Angelo Barksdale - The past is always with us. Where we come from, what we go through, how we go through it; all this shit matters. Like at the end of the book, ya know, boats and tides and all. It's like you can change up, right, you can say you're somebody new, you can give yourself a whole new story.
Jimmy McNulty - They can chew you up, but then they gotta spit you out.
Omar Little - You come at the king, you best not miss.
Bunk - A man must have a code.
Omar Litte - The cheese stands alone.
Marla Daniels - The game is rigged, but you cannot lose if you do not play.
D'Angelo Barksdale - The pawns, man, In the game, they get capped quick. They ve out the game early.
Frank Sobotka - We used to make shit in this country, build shit. Now we just put our hand in the next guys pocket.
Stringer Bell - We ain't gotta dream no more, man.
Slim Charles - The thing about the old days: they the old days.
Tommy Carcetti - I still wake up white in a city that ain't.
Daniel Phelan - Celebrities always seem much smaller when you meet them in person.
Lester Freamon - You follow drugs, you get drug addicts and drug dealers. But you start to follow the money, and you don’t know where the fuck it’s gonna take you.
Proposition Joe - Don’t believe we met. Proposition Joe. You ever steal from me, I’ll kill your whole family.
Cedric Daniels - But there ain’t nothing you fear more than a bad headline, is there? You’d rather live in shit than let the world see you work a shovel.
Theresa D’Agostino - Do you think politics is only about winning the argument?
Lester Freamon - Hey, hey, hey. A life. A life, Jimmy, you know what that is? It’s the shit that happens while you’re waiting for moments that never come.
Reginald ‘Bubbles’ Cousins - Ain’t no shame in holding on to grief, as long as you make room for other things too.