Rust Cohle - Time is a flat circle.
Marty Hart - Life's barely long enough to get good at one thing. So be careful what you get good at.
Rust Cohle - I think human consciousness is a tragic misstep in evolution.
Marty Hart - You've got some fucked up stories, man.
Rust Cohle - The world needs bad men. We keep the other bad men from the door.
Marty Hart - You know the good years when you're in them, or you just wait for them until you get ass cancer and realize that the good years came and went?
Rust Cohle - Death created time to grow the things that it would kill.
Marty Hart - You're the Michael Jordan of being a son of a bitch.
Rust Cohle - This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading.
Marty Hart - You know, throughout the interview, I get the sense that you might be a bit too wound up. Is that fair to say?
Rust Cohle - I don't sleep, I just dream.
Marty Hart - My life's been a circle of violence and degradation long as I can remember. I'm ready to tie it off.
Rust Cohle - Back then, the visions... most of the time I was convinced that I'd lost it. But there were other times... I thought I was mainlining the secret truth of the universe.
Marty Hart - I think a man's relationship to his children is about the closest to being a saint that most of us get.
Rust Cohle - The newspapers are gonna be tough on you. And prison is very, very hard on people who hurt kids. If you get the opportunity, you should kill yourself.
Marty Hart - This kind of thing does not happen in a vacuum.
Rust Cohle - I know who I am. And after all these years, there's a victory in that.
Marty Hart - I can see 40... 40 coming hard.
Rust Cohle - You ever wonder if you're a bad man?
Marty Hart - You know what? I think I'm pretty good at this. You know what gives you away? It's not professional courtesy. It's your fuckin' attitude.
Rust Cohle - Life's barely long enough to get good at one thing.
Marty Hart - I've seen the finale of thousands of lives, man. Young, old, each one so sure of their realness. You know that their sensory experience constituted a unique individual with purpose and meaning... so certain that they were more than biological.
Rust Cohle - I contemplate the moment in the garden, the idea of allowing your own crucifixion.
Marty Hart - People out here, it's like they don't even know the outside world exists. Might as well be living on the fucking moon.
Rust Cohle - We are things that labor under the illusion of having a self, a secretion of sensory experience and feeling, programmed with total assurance that we are each somebody, when in fact everybody's nobody.
Wayne Hays (Season 3) - I'm just tryin' to remember things... same as you.
Roland West (Season 3) - Why is it that the people who would be the most righteous are the first ones to go into the muck?
Ray Velcoro (Season 2) - Sometimes your worst self is your best self.
Ani Bezzerides (Season 2) - You're not bad, you're just not good for me.
Frank Semyon (Season 2) - Never do anything out of hunger. Not even eating.